c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\PatientsInformationAPI.dll.config
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\PatientsInformationAPI.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\PatientsInformationAPI.pdb
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Unity.Mvc5.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Unity.Interception.pdb
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\obj\Debug\PatientsInformationAPI.dll
c:\users\gparvatikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientsInformation\PatientsInformationAPI\obj\Debug\PatientsInformationAPI.pdb
